---
subcategory: "billing"
---
# databricks_budget_policys Data Source
This data source can be used to fetch the list of budget policies.

-> **Note** This data source can only be used with an account-level provider!


## Example Usage
Getting a list of all budget policies:

```hcl
data "databricks_budget_policies" "all" {
}
```

## Arguments
The following arguments are supported:
* `filter_by` (Filter, optional) - A filter to apply to the list of policies.
* `page_size` (integer, optional) - The maximum number of budget policies to return.
If unspecified, at most 100 budget policies will be returned.
The maximum value is 1000; values above 1000 will be coerced to 1000.
* `sort_spec` (SortSpec, optional) - The sort specification.


### Filter
* `creator_user_id` (integer, optional, deprecated) - The policy creator user id to be filtered on.
If unspecified, all policies will be returned.
* `creator_user_name` (string, optional) - The policy creator user name to be filtered on.
If unspecified, all policies will be returned.
* `policy_name` (string, optional) - The partial name of policies to be filtered on.
If unspecified, all policies will be returned.

### SortSpec
* `descending` (boolean, optional) - Whether to sort in descending order.
* `field` (, optional) - The filed to sort by


## Attributes
This data source exports a single attribute, policies. It is a list of resources, each with the following attributes:
* `binding_workspace_ids` (list of integer) - List of workspaces that this budget policy will be exclusively bound to.
An empty binding implies that this budget policy is open to any workspace in the account.
* `custom_tags` (list of CustomPolicyTag) - A list of tags defined by the customer. At most 20 entries are allowed per policy.
* `policy_id` (string) - The Id of the policy. This field is generated by Databricks and globally unique.
* `policy_name` (string) - The name of the policy.
- Must be unique among active policies.
- Can contain only characters from the ISO 8859-1 (latin1) set.
- Can't start with reserved keywords such as `databricks:default-policy`.

### CustomPolicyTag
* `key` (string) - The key of the tag.
- Must be unique among all custom tags of the same policy
- Cannot be “budget-policy-name”, “budget-policy-id” or "budget-policy-resolution-result" -
these tags are preserved.

- Follows the regex pattern defined in cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala
(https://src.dev.databricks.com/databricks/universe@1647196627c8dc7b4152ad098a94b86484b93a6c/-/blob/cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala?L17)
* `value` (string) - The value of the tag.

- Follows the regex pattern defined in cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala
(https://src.dev.databricks.com/databricks/universe@1647196627c8dc7b4152ad098a94b86484b93a6c/-/blob/cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala?L24)