---
subcategory: "Billing"
---
# databricks_budget_policy Data Source
This data source can be used to get a single budget policy.

-> **Note** This data source can only be used with an account-level provider!

## Example Usage
Referring to a budget policy by id:

```hcl
data "databricks_budget_policy" "this" {
  policy_id = "test"
}
```

## Arguments
The following arguments are supported:
* `policy_id` (string, required) - The Id of the policy. This field is generated by Databricks and globally unique

## Attributes
The following attributes are exported:
* `binding_workspace_ids` (list of integer) - List of workspaces that this budget policy will be exclusively bound to.
  An empty binding implies that this budget policy is open to any workspace in the account
* `custom_tags` (list of CustomPolicyTag) - A list of tags defined by the customer. At most 20 entries are allowed per policy
* `policy_id` (string) - The Id of the policy. This field is generated by Databricks and globally unique
* `policy_name` (string) - The name of the policy.
  - Must be unique among active policies.
  - Can contain only characters from the ISO 8859-1 (latin1) set.
  - Can't start with reserved keywords such as `databricks:default-policy`

### CustomPolicyTag
* `key` (string) - The key of the tag.
  - Must be unique among all custom tags of the same policy
  - Cannot be “budget-policy-name”, “budget-policy-id” or "budget-policy-resolution-result" -
  these tags are preserved.
  
  - Follows the regex pattern defined in cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala
  (https://src.dev.databricks.com/databricks/universe@1647196627c8dc7b4152ad098a94b86484b93a6c/-/blob/cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala?L17)
* `value` (string) - The value of the tag.
  
  - Follows the regex pattern defined in cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala
  (https://src.dev.databricks.com/databricks/universe@1647196627c8dc7b4152ad098a94b86484b93a6c/-/blob/cluster-common/conf/src/ClusterTagConstraints.scala?L24)