---
subcategory: "Unity Catalog"
---
# databricks_policy_infos Data Source


## Example Usage


## Arguments
The following arguments are supported:
* `on_securable_fullname` (string, required) - Required. The fully qualified name of securable to list policies for
* `on_securable_type` (string, required) - Required. The type of the securable to list policies for
* `include_inherited` (boolean, optional) - Optional. Whether to include policies defined on parent securables.
  By default, the inherited policies are not included
* `max_results` (integer, optional) - Optional.  Maximum number of policies to return on a single page (page length).
  - When not set or set to 0, the page length is set to a server configured value (recommended);
  - When set to a value greater than 0, the page length is the minimum of this value and a server configured value;



## Attributes
This data source exports a single attribute, `policies`. It is a list of resources, each with the following attributes:
* `column_mask` (ColumnMaskOptions) - Options for column mask policies. Valid only if `policy_type` is `POLICY_TYPE_COLUMN_MASK`.
  Required on create and optional on update. When specified on update,
  the new options will replace the existing options as a whole
* `comment` (string) - Optional description of the policy
* `created_at` (integer) - Time at which the policy was created, in epoch milliseconds. Output only
* `created_by` (string) - Username of the user who created the policy. Output only
* `except_principals` (list of string) - Optional list of user or group names that should be excluded from the policy
* `for_securable_type` (string) - Type of securables that the policy should take effect on.
  Only `TABLE` is supported at this moment.
  Required on create and optional on update. Possible values are: `CATALOG`, `CLEAN_ROOM`, `CONNECTION`, `CREDENTIAL`, `EXTERNAL_LOCATION`, `EXTERNAL_METADATA`, `FUNCTION`, `METASTORE`, `PIPELINE`, `PROVIDER`, `RECIPIENT`, `SCHEMA`, `SHARE`, `STAGING_TABLE`, `STORAGE_CREDENTIAL`, `TABLE`, `VOLUME`
* `id` (string) - Unique identifier of the policy. This field is output only and is generated by the system
* `match_columns` (list of MatchColumn) - Optional list of condition expressions used to match table columns.
  Only valid when `for_securable_type` is `TABLE`.
  When specified, the policy only applies to tables whose columns satisfy all match conditions
* `name` (string) - Name of the policy. Required on create and optional on update.
  To rename the policy, set `name` to a different value on update
* `on_securable_fullname` (string) - Full name of the securable on which the policy is defined.
  Required on create and ignored on update
* `on_securable_type` (string) - Type of the securable on which the policy is defined.
  Only `CATALOG`, `SCHEMA` and `TABLE` are supported at this moment.
  Required on create and ignored on update. Possible values are: `CATALOG`, `CLEAN_ROOM`, `CONNECTION`, `CREDENTIAL`, `EXTERNAL_LOCATION`, `EXTERNAL_METADATA`, `FUNCTION`, `METASTORE`, `PIPELINE`, `PROVIDER`, `RECIPIENT`, `SCHEMA`, `SHARE`, `STAGING_TABLE`, `STORAGE_CREDENTIAL`, `TABLE`, `VOLUME`
* `policy_type` (string) - Type of the policy. Required on create and ignored on update. Possible values are: `POLICY_TYPE_COLUMN_MASK`, `POLICY_TYPE_ROW_FILTER`
* `row_filter` (RowFilterOptions) - Options for row filter policies. Valid only if `policy_type` is `POLICY_TYPE_ROW_FILTER`.
  Required on create and optional on update. When specified on update,
  the new options will replace the existing options as a whole
* `to_principals` (list of string) - List of user or group names that the policy applies to.
  Required on create and optional on update
* `updated_at` (integer) - Time at which the policy was last modified, in epoch milliseconds. Output only
* `updated_by` (string) - Username of the user who last modified the policy. Output only
* `when_condition` (string) - Optional condition when the policy should take effect

### ColumnMaskOptions
* `function_name` (string) - The fully qualified name of the column mask function.
  The function is called on each row of the target table.
  The function's first argument and its return type should match the type of the masked column.
  Required on create and update
* `on_column` (string) - The alias of the column to be masked. The alias must refer to one of matched columns.
  The values of the column is passed to the column mask function as the first argument.
  Required on create and update
* `using` (list of FunctionArgument) - Optional list of column aliases or constant literals to be passed as additional arguments to the column mask function.
  The type of each column should match the positional argument of the column mask function

### FunctionArgument
* `alias` (string) - The alias of a matched column
* `constant` (string) - A constant literal

### MatchColumn
* `alias` (string) - Optional alias of the matched column
* `condition` (string) - The condition expression used to match a table column

### RowFilterOptions
* `function_name` (string) - The fully qualified name of the row filter function.
  The function is called on each row of the target table. It should return a boolean value
  indicating whether the row should be visible to the user.
  Required on create and update
* `using` (list of FunctionArgument) - Optional list of column aliases or constant literals to be passed as arguments to the row filter function.
  The type of each column should match the positional argument of the row filter function